NO-DED adding x-agent-id to Web and RTM Agent Chat API (#1372)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/agent-chat-api/rtm-reference/index.mdx

💡 The maximum duration of the `page_id` parameter before it expires is one month.

## Bots

> Sometimes, you want to [send an event as a bot](#send-event). To call an event, you need to have a token that allows you to send it. The token can be easily generated for an agent, but you cannot generate a token for a bot. The other time you want to [add a user to your chat](#add-user-to-chat), and this user happens to be a bot in the group with no access to this chat, so you cannot add it.  

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you want to [send an event as a bot](#send-event). To do it, you need to have a token that allows you to send it. The token can be easily generated for an agent, but you cannot generate a token for a bot. The other time you want to [add a user to your chat](#add-user-to-chat), and this user happens to be a bot in the group with no access to this chat, so you cannot add it.  
```

> In both situations, the `Author-Id` header comes with a helping hand. With it, you can authorize using the agent’s token and send the event as a bot or add a bot to a chat even if the bot belongs to the group that has no access to this chat.

Author: ```suggestion
In both situations, the `Author-Id` header is what you need to include in your request. With it, you can authorize using the agent’s token and send the event as a bot or add a bot to a chat even if the bot belongs to the group that has no access to this chat.
```

> `Author-Id: <bot_id>` header is needed with a [bearer token](/authorization/agent-authorization/) that needs to have the same `client_id` as the bot or [PAT](/authorization/agent-authorization#personal-access-tokens) that is from the organization that owns the bot's `client_id`.

Author: ```suggestion
`Author-Id: <bot_id>` header is needed with a [Bearer Token](/authorization/agent-authorization/) that needs to have the same `client_id` as the bot or [PAT](/authorization/agent-authorization#personal-access-tokens) that is from the organization that owns the bot's `client_id`.
```
